## Reflection

#### Strengths
The strength of our game lies in the utilization of a server to store encrypted player data. At no point are character values stored locally on the machine (outside of in memory), making it signifantly more difficult for character values to be modified. While technically a player could alter the values directly in memory, this would not be a trivial task and also leaves little room to protect against when the client is running. However, we know that your average player is only going to be able to modify character values wihtin the confies of a running game client, where we are able to limit the operations available to the player. Our game code is structured using case-statments, where the default case safely returns the user to the initial game prompt. Additionally, we ramped up the security of our game to help reduce our vunerability to buffer-overflow attacks (by limiting user input with the fgets() function). This comination this makes it very hard for the user to do any sort of operation on our client that will break the integrity of our game.

#### Weaknesses
One major weakness of our game is that computation is still happening on the client side. An indiviudal truly dedicated to breaking our game could spend a significant amount of time looking at the dissasembled client binary trying to figure out exactly what each our game is doing (in regard to communication with the server). From this, they could theoretically rebuild the client side however they want, as long as the client/server communication remains intact. Using this spoofed client, they could "play" the game and save their character state using the false client, then launch the true client and continue playing the game normally witht he modified player values.

However, this is a ton of effort to put into breaking our small single player text-based RPG. Given that there are no leaderboards or any form of multiplayer, this would not really give an advantage to anyone besides the person who implemented such a spoofed client. For this reason, we can justify allowing this behavior if someone really wants to spend the time required to pull this off. In the worst case, they are able to create new characters on our server with a non-legitimate game client, which would not be an issue with our estimated player base of approximately 1 person.

#### Future Changes
For the aforementioned reasons, in the future we would likely want to move all game computation to the server side. Essentially, the client would only be responsible for communication with the server based on the intended action of the user playing the game. This would allow us to handle auto-saving after every action that changes character state much easier (should we choose to shift our game functionality towards this). This would also eliminate the risk of a player creating a false client. In this manner, the only valid action that a player can perform is send messages to the server (which will only allow legal game operations), fixing any prior concerns. From this point, the only security risks would be on the server side, which would be obfuscated away from players (and consequently, much easier to protect).
